The Comb: (sponsored by Walmart Star Wars )

Flat on the top. Flat on the bottom, comb on the sides. (All three ships take the same shape) 
Captains window, facing the sun. The captains window sits in a “mouth” with the projection window which sits directly below the captains window. Meaning that under the projection window there is no other room, it free falls below kind of like an horizontal check mark then continues into the comb shape on the side of the ship. The captains window has a piece of thick glass that goes all the way through the ships, from outside to inside, this is the only piece of glass on the ship that does this. Looking through towards the sun it goes inward at the center like a pisces sign, with a cut in the center of the glass about half way through, the cut doesnt touch either side. There is a pinwheel and gold that goes around this glass. Inside of the captains window a large engine sits under a table this engine is similar to the hive listed below, on this table an oxygen pressure unit is used with square and cylinder chambers that sit in a groove on this table to maintain the ship. Dirrectly below where the projection window goes the same table engine is also used. The projection window is square, on the outside a cut goes half way through and runs into a piece of metal which connects to gold silver and copper, then connects to a very small engine, similar to the engine under the table listed above. The small engine sits in a body of activated charcoal, carbon fiber, soap, algi, and resin, which embodies the entire ship. The small engine connects the outside part of the projection window to the inside, the inside windows glass has a cut that reaches through half way on this window, the glass has a grid line cut into the glass where the cut stops which allows for computing just through the glass. This glass is a special type of glass, called shatter flex glass, meaning it is shatter proof and shatterable on command, this glass is also artificial intelligence glass, meaning it doesn't need any other parts to compute except for the glass. Directly beneath the projection window two hive engines, (one right side up, and one upside down) sit diagonal from one another, the one closest to the sun sits further towards the Elveirdor, the one farthest fron the sun sits farther away from the Elveirdor (same on Juan 60's but, opposite, so both of the inverted hive engines on both The Comb and Juan 60's sit closest to thr Elveirdor). From the outside the sides, top, and bottom of the ship run in slightly stretched out glass squares with a metal framing, that includes an activated charcoal carbon fiber, resin coating. The glass squares have a cut about half way through the glass, this glass cut goes into the ship, the center of the cut is similar to spongy bone, or a jelly fish, and the cut lines run into the center of the ship making a sort of central nervous system for teleporting and projecting. Inside of the ship around the frame the glass runs the same way, although noetal frame is necessary inside of the ship. Between these two layers the activated charcoal carbon fiber (same as the center of the projection window) runs between the entire glass frame of the ship. At the center of the ship there is a large switch, this switch sits as follows: large fan with a hollow stainless steel “straw” going through the center of the fan and 2 pieces of metal on either side going upward to the top of the ship. The straw has 2 pieces of copper for timing. Below the fan a large magnetic circle holds an engine at the center called the Hive. The hive has a square magnetic parameter (positive negative, negative positive, negative, negative, negative, negative) with the shatter flex glass at the center, and an activated charcoal carbon fiber grid line, at the center of this is a pin wheel that goes to two reed bars (shatter flex glass, gold, metal, ¾ way to top the activated charcoal carbon fiber sits around the outside with 2 pieces of copper for timing) that go out from each end, out from the reed bars a series of bars sit in a circle going out from the reed bar, the bars on the bottom half though go out and at the end of the bar the ends turn to the left. At the bottom the reed bar runs into a cylinder complex chamber, and connects with metal over to a square complex chamber, similar to those that sit on the captains table. Below this another large circle magnet (this one going positive negative, positive negative until the circle is complete) runs into 2 square magnetic parametier tables like the one at the center of the hive, instead of sitting left to right like the hive, these tables sit up and down, and tilt in towards one another slightly, the big magnetic parameter that holds this sits in a groove, where copper timing nodules go around the frame. This timing based layer can move, or "click" back and forth, allowing for teleporting. Beneath this another large, solid magnetic parameter holds two circular magnets on opposite ends of one another like the layer above, the magnets are held by two pieces of metal on each side, and a solid circular piece of stainless steel which sits at the center of the circle magnets, and goes out connecting to the big magnetic parameter. Beneath this a large cd sits, exactly as the fan sits above but instead of a fan its a cd, the cd has the same stainless steel straw and 2 pieces of metal that goes to the bottom of the ship. Thr copper on these straws has a connecting bar that runs to the four corners of the ship. These bars connect to a “flute” of sorts that runs on all 4 corners of the ship, at the center of these flutes sits a gem stone with stainless steel circling it, going out into the shatter flex glass, and into the flute frame. The entire first floor is a landing pad for the international space stations. At the enterance of this sits 4 double magnetic parameters. These magnetic parameters create oxygene for the ship. between the double magnetic parameters sits gold and silver on either side with a series of holes corresponding with the parameter. 4 “flute lollipops” similar to the flutes at the 4 corners of the ship (but much smaller) sits at the left corner of the double magnetic parameters if your looking from the outside of the ship. There are 3 hive engines between these magnetic parameters. Half of the engine sits into the ship and these engines dont have the bars going out and to the left, so the only part you really see is the reed bar at the end coming out from the bottom of the ship. Under the ship on all 4 corners, 4 flute lollipops sit, with gold on the end, with the glass, stainless steel part going up into the ship from the bottom.

The Elveirdor:  (sponsored by NBCUniversal and Walt Disney World and NASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration Google)  

The same as above but no metal frame on the outside. Just the cuts between the windows. No captains window. No landing pad (this ship is only for teleporting) the double magnetic parameters sit on the 3rd floor, with a blue gem “roller” at the center instead of the gold and silver. A large version of the square and cylinder chambers on the captains table for the comb, sits on the Elveirdor behind the magnetic parameters. Behind the large chambers sits a room with 2 magnetic parameter rehabillitation windows, a large magnetic parameter with a reed bar at the left side (opposite side of flute lollipop, a sort of hockey puck with a hologram encompassing it at the bottom center of the magnetic parameter. These windows sit on either side of the square and cylinder chambers, and behind those the captains computers sit, looking towards the comb. Right behind this sits an engine similar to the Hive, yet no magnetic parameter, no reed bars, instead a horezontal pisces shape like the captains window and bristles, not bars going out from this pisces shape, at the center of the pisces shape a piece of shatter flex glass sits with an umx at the center, this engine connects to the floorboard of the previously described room. No flute lollipop on the bottom of this ship. No switch like the comb is present on this ship, the 3rd floor is the switch. 

Juan 60’s: (sponsored by NBA) 

Exactly the same as the comb but instead of the jelly fish cuts, cuts that go from outside of ship to inside like the projection window, but instead of the exact projection screen on the other side a large cut goes all the way through the glass, this process rotates (so cut goes all the way through on the inside of ship, next window cut goes all the way through on the outside window). And. No flute lollipop on the bottom of this ship. 

These three ships dont need to travel to teleport, they find location and through the "breathing" system of the glass frames, and switch methods in the ships, they corrdinate location and teleport, grab at their surrounding pressure dynamic, align with the exact pressure dynmanic for where the ship is teleporting, and pumps image in complex between the glass on the outside of the ship and the inside, until the center switches and teleportation occurs. On the Elveirdor the umx ball at the center rolls. 

The Sonic: (sponsored by Speedway)
A large ship projected next to another solar system. This ship looks similar to a Speedway big gulp cup, thats where the idea comes from. It has set windows along the frame of the ship and rotating floorboards inside that align with the doorways, meaning the windows and doorways have to align as the floors rotate inside of the ship. This is a sort of long distance teleporting switch that works with the other 3 ships listed above. At the top of the ship a roting "straw" similar to the stainless steel straw on the comb and juan 60's, but this straw sticks out from the ship at the top. The same switch runs in thr center of this ship, but at the top the straw sits out of the ship (like a straw on a cup) and can rotate back and forth allowing for large solar gas distribution, and connection in teleportation between the other 3 ships. This ship does not teleport. A series of pools at the bottom of this ship carry the weight, and distribute condonsation through the ship to the top where the gas pressure dynamic holds this reality into place. 

This 4 part ship teleporting system in design direction allows for seemless teleporting. 

These 4 ships project off of every sun in our universe, meaning, you dont have to make any parts to make the ships. Theyre designed on our computers and we stimulate an engine, the Lion engine (sponsored by Fitness First Germany Bangkock, Tiland Meta)  (Lastinger 67) (The lion engine is 5 complex circles going outwards in an staircase pattern, 2 sets cross from one another going downwards, out into a sort of jellyfish stomach that pulls at the complex circles, at the center of the complex circles when the jelly fish stomach (it sits on the outer side of the planet), pulls inward it disappears into a circle light pattern that charges the complex circles, you need 3, one next to earth, one next to corresponding planet and one in corresponding black hole), which sits in front of the Comb, the Elveirdor, Juan 60's (which all sit directly next to each other next to earth) and another lion engine which sits in front of the Sonic. Though the lion engine is indeed real, it cannot be seen by human eyes. Its stimulated by a computer interface which can be disconnected from the interface and oporate alone, or with the interface. This engine projects all 4 ships off of the sun, and runs a year projection precalculated for 70000 years past 2025 on earth. 

Approved by: 
U.S. Marine Corps Military.com National Guard U.S. Coast Guard FBI – Federal Bureau of Investigation CIA Jacksonville Sheriff's Office Bangkock, Tiland Northkorea_officialpage 華南產險 Beijing FPS Russia (OFFICIAL) Leipzig, Germany Buckingham Palace, London @highlight
